coming at you live from the hell at
halls of Briarwood high or what this is
the best high school I've ever seen I
mean that okay coming up next down we've
got more classic rock and roll we've got
the doors the stones more doors I'm
convinced Jim Morrison is not dead he's
program director of classic rock 108
talk about your moldy oldies you know a
higher rush to show them how it's done
you know that station does have its
merits class of rock'n'roll giveaways
scan the whole box gratis
you're kidding there's not a song on
here record it after you were born
no biggie Clements you ever heard of the
tape over at principal for a second
there I thought you were a closeted
carpenter's fan hi Andrew good you can
help you opening a junkyard no these are
most of the contents in my storage room
but not I'm afraid of Jensen ha slip
fibula later what's a Jensen's Hobbes's
fibula later the one thing that isn't in
my storage room what's up oh I bombed
another one of mr. Ferris his lab tests
I found letting this chemistry sample he
said it was iron would you take a look
Andrew I really don't have time to do
your homework
heyyou radio transmitter
yes something i modified and threw
together in my college days I use it to
communicate with students all over the
country
I made friendships that have lasted to
this very day no kidding
pen pals of the airwaves we called
ourselves sometimes we could contact
students as far away as Fiji Samoa Japan
Wow
it was wonderful even if we could hardly
understand each other
hey Doc gee do you think I could borrow
this of course Andrew communicating with
fellow students this is is a wonderful
learning opportunity as well as a
thoughtful educational and wholesome
activity wake up Brier one
this is the digitalized meister blasting
your face with 40 watts of pure
pandemonium power newsflash backwards
masking discovered on Lawrence Welk's
greatest hits champagne bubbles played
backwards is actually helped by fallen
and I can't get up you heard it here
first this is the digital ice my strong
gonzo radio smashing all preconceived
notions in your face and gettin busy
crank it up jam on it get out of the way
what no that is what radio ought to be
like nothing I checked every frequency
on the shortwave band this stuff doesn't
transmit worth beans so we got a naughty
answer to big whip what's up Brier dudes
this is AC chill Zilla and another
edition of things I don't get I don't
get why our third period history teacher
Wiggles his butt when he writes on the
board does he think it's sexy I don't
get it yeah well I don't get why Fred
Flintstone keeps ordering a large side
of ribs at the end of the show when he
knows it's gonna tip his car over I
don't get it
I don't get people who order mushrooms
on their pizza then pick them all off do
they think it's poisonous when combined
with pepperoni I don't get it I don't
get it I can tell the most happening
dudes at Briarwood not hear about this
killer station everyone's yammering
about very funny the station is spending
some wicked tuna
I hear the last night they're playing
the beste lubricated goat I love now and
what I wouldn't give to jam a wolfgang
von spasm and sweetmeats just tell me
look at the energy in these hollers
amazing what this new stations doing we
are not missing it tonight it's true my
sister actually does matter she picks
off all the mushrooms first but then she
gives them to the DA honey a tea nice
wiggle guaranteed won't be missing this
killer new station now it's us newsflash
this just in a government panel of
highly paid people with hyphenated last
names to wear expensive suits has just
declared trigonometry legally useless
yes friends it's true suspected as
pointless for years the government has
officially stayed at that sine cosine
and tangent have nothing to do with
reality in any way shape or form
and here this race horoscope Venus is in
alignment vertigo which means if your
birthday is today you're probably going
to end up getting extremely nauseous and
a bunch of things you really didn't want
like a bright purple floral sweater and
a personalized Garfield nose clipper and
you'll cry yourself to sleep tonight
wondering who really cares and where
your little miserable night is going
today's weather weather map what does
that mean for initiatives iceman well it
looks like the storms avalanches
earthquakes and swarm of killer bees
that I predicted yesterday will be
missing us instead moving south and
utterly destroying the Briarwood
cafeteria game show rat yes it's more or
less show where you get to call us up
and rat on your friends share
embarrassing secrets about you and your
loved ones when she chintzy prizes
anyone who claim
is there any way to give the automata
later more juice Sandra I'm glad you're
here remember the water sample you gave
me from your chemistry class well I
analyzed it several times guess I blew
it after all huh I wish that were the
case unfortunately you were right thanks
for being so thrilled in my moment of
triumph I hate to rain on your parade
but your discovery proves that the
school's drinking water is contaminated
with lead what that's serious dr. Jane
you gotta tell someone exactly so I
called the area superintendent he told
me that did their own tests and the
content of lead in the water is below
the danger level well then it's okay not
really yeah according to my calculations
until they replace the pipes the lead
level in the water could be rising by
the minute and in other schools too so
you need water samples from all the
schools and no way to get them
not a problem you just got to know who
to talk to and how to talk to them the
ice Meister freaking the Airways on the
one the only
gonzo radio 90 in your face and get busy
yes friends we're not afraid on today's
edition of what gives we boldly tackle
the burning question what does a gym
teacher do anyway coach Meredith Don's
our radio here can you tell me what
you're doing at this very moment just as
I suspected friends a meaningless
miserable life punctuated by the
sadistic joy of inflicting untold
physical demands on unsuspecting
students thanks for your time mr.
Meredith okay everybody listen up
chill Zilla here getting serious for a
second this just in from gonzo radios
own science expert dr. tech nomadic
there's a major nasties going down that
affects us all and we need your help
without you gonzo radio sir you
listening to that mindless stamp
no sir I hate it just to see how stupid
they can get sir I can't believe it I
can't believe it my show actually
dropped 30% 14 to 24 age bracket one
lousy you're one of the reasons yes sir
shall I shall I stop listening to it sir
if you weren't my sister's kidding
I never mind
just could be the number of the federal
broadcast Commission got a little
information to pass on to our federal
friends yeah yo
gonzo radio in your face and getting
busy with the lewd and loud listener
mail assault chill Zilla your saltine
please I got a letter here deliver to
our secret box number zero zero one zero
oops no more secrets it's from a hey no
signature lipstick only and perfume who
whoever you are I think I love you marry
me or is that Russian got opinion we'll
rip it open the gonzo line and today's
topic is lose today's topic
yell scream hey check this out the
federal Broadcasting Commission This Is
It this is official recognition you
probably want to give us an award for
lighten up the airwaves or something oh
my god what this is not good what this
office has received a report concerning
the unlicensed operation of radio
transmitting a gratis by you
while policies subject serious penalties
including a maximum fine of $10,000 when
you're in prison
what would you say if I already tell you
I knew away with you keep on
broadcasting let's say you were a
brainless boob listen my cousin Bill's
van is still in my mom's driveway with
nowhere to go until he turns back from
West all we have - no way pal no way we
go mobile they can't track us Kirk let
me try and explain something this is the
government we're talking about right and
who did they address the letter to the
station manager right not to us by name
that means they don't know who we are
okay okay so we didn't know about a
license look around the school
everybody's hopping because they finally
have a radio station that matters to
them that'll be a big comfort when am
ironing shirts to the prison laundry
what about the water
you saw the response dr. Jay might be
able to do something because of gonzo
radio come on you drew
yeah I hear you
andr I can't believe the number of
samples I've received and and from so
many sources how did you do it we're
mouths and your radio uh yes pen pals of
the airwaves kind of becomes like a
family doesn't it now what was it you
wanted to talk to me about well doctor
she what do you think of systems and
rules systems and rules like society
systems and rules well as in science
systems and rules are there for a reason
man so you would never go against the
system I'm not saying that you're not
well history teaches distance often is
not progress comes from healthy
rebellion even science has had its
revolutionaries Darwin Freud
if Copernicus hadn't bucked the system
we'd all still believe the world was
flat a system is not always right
like this school system burying a
potentially dangerous problem exactly
but with your ham radio we're doing
something about it thanks dr. J thanks a
lot some black kids put your head in an
accordion and squeeze
rotten little vermin still in the air
huh
well nobody does that to crazy Kent
Kelsey and gets away with it
No hey we were gated dose I know you are
but what am i they want to miss they
heard about us and they want to do an
exclusive on-air interview can you
believe it
these guys are total eclipses me the ice
Meister hanging with Wolfgang von spaz
even sweetmeats this is intense this
weekend it's only what come on it's time
for some heavy-duty promotion yo Brian
huge hope you're all sitting down cuz we
got scoop for you
man the public has gotta know well the
newspapers investigated they got the
same readings as the School Department
oh great didn't I love all the sick kids
to write about why don't you try calling
classic rock 108 they do a story like
this I've tried that they're too busy
they're putting together of doors
retrospective there's got to be some way
Andrew what about that new station that
Aaron's been raving about you know what
what is it called garbanzo radio
ah that's gonzo mom yeah that's it it's
no use an underground operation would
take a miracle to find them dr. J
welcome to miracles are us joy the
pirate radio station our Betty
aravinda seat don't get excited dr. J
remember Copernicus I only meant that
don't worry we've been operating out of
the van to avoid detection by the
broadcast Commission know about you know
I mean they don't know who we are they
only sent one letter what are you
expecting Christmas cards one letter is
a single step from pounding out license
plates but this shall we got all your
water samples progress comes from
healthy rebellion remember do you
promise that after the broadcast you
will sign off for good
okay let's do it
great it's Kirk soon is hotter interview
with lubricating Cove everybody will be
listening you'll go on right after that
with Wolfgang von spasm and sweetmeats
cursed would you mind slowing down can't
take a chance I'm missing the interview
what is this place boy talk about
deserted they're artists
they prefer empty places where they
aren't attacked by their fans or the
feds do you know but antenna it's a
transmitter detection device dark you've
seen too many spy movies
it's a Jeffcoat transmission detector
I think on the venous side of that over
the pace car whether you need an apple
is 500
fast
it's now or never got to change
the stars already in your face and get
busy we're getting static from the vid
so I'll make it fast we got a situation
on our hands and here's the man to tell
you about it you may not know it but
your health is in danger contact them to
make your order near schools reach
dangerous levels
you've got to do it so make some noise
boycott your lunchroom until some action
is taken brown bag and bring your own
water to school
your pops
get in guys
we're fried oh my god
it's jail I hate you I look terrible in
stripes keeping busy for a minute I have
an idea well obviously we all miss the
on-ramp to the highway I really wish
they'd mark these streets better Myers
federal broadcast commissioned you the
guy I talked to about all the static on
am smart guy huh which one of you
Godzilla or the mice slicer ha ha
well obviously you've mistaken us for
someone else
so if you'll just move your vehicles
we'll be on our way not so fast we know
who you are
okay we can't keep the Shred up a new
owner I'm Bob Costas writing the color
commentary my partner Joe Garagiola
well thanks Bob it's a beautiful sunny
day here at the ballpark folks yeah but
it's starting to cloud up pretty fast
check it out
there has to be a transmitter there
somewhere well if you're through with
this stuff sit tight
check it again it's got to be there
signals about a mile down the road come
on so uh I I guess you'd be through with
us then we'll again sorry for the
inconvinience we've been ditched by the
feds so consuls hanging up its
microphone for good they are there no
tears it was good while lasted I want to
thank you all for your cards your calls
your support you made it happen
on behalf of the digital ice my stennis
a sea chill Zilla in your face and it
had a business for good but me the
spirit of guns a rule on
you should see me dr. Shay everybody
brown-bag it again today administration
finally got the point
thank God it's over though I miss those
cafeteria fries now going through some
serious research control but you did it
for a good cause Kirk just proves the
value of peaceful demonstration also the
power of gonzo radio too bad it had to
come to an end
wrong Osage women we're such a hit
schools allowing us to run our own
station Clank did you like my stuff in
HD chill Silla will be in your face and
getting busy with the help of dr. tech
no madam never heard of them too bad
you're on at 6:00